mslscript.com
=============

My website, backed up. web-site named: RoseMay

This website is meant to run on PythonAnywhere.com to network with Internet
Relay Chat oriented proxy-servers. Proxy-servers; which add functionality to the
IRC client connection. The web-site will have a register/login using session
cookie and users folder with .ini files that hold meta-data about the irc
sessions, which are forwarded from the proxy-server to the web-server where
stats can be viewed. Custom www.mslscript.com/username/index.html where a XDCC
search engine maybe hosted with search in all server connections. **.search
filename.mkv** can be easily hosted in any IRC rooms of your choosing. It will
search in common channels the user nickname is found in. New xdcc channels can
be added to the index. User only has to mark channel as xdcc-copy and it will be
added to the users homepage. A home page will optionally contain an xdcc search
engine, favourite channels of the user, the channel topics if chanmode is set to
**-s** (**not** secret). Optionally stats may be displayed for everyone to see
such as how many lines of chatter have been spoken by the users, how many users
are average counted in each channel, the current country and local time and date
of the user for the purpose of traffic reports, weather, news, etc. What public
user scripts are in turned on in the channel either by the user or by any user
of the proxy-servers (both or either-or). Admins of the irc channel, any sponsor
links the irc room and home page has to offer as a means to pay for human
traffic sent to their sponsor page. Ultra-fast dcc accepts. This will cost money
that sponsorship can help afford. https://pot420.shop/ is already a willing
sponsor, if we can all sell some ounces of pot and edibles we can all benefit
from any extra bandwidth purchased for our VPS. Our VPS can share one file
downloaded from the xdcc bot to the vps then from the vps to the requesting
user. There will be no small limit to how many networks one can connect to, or
banning of legitimate IRC networks such as DALnet and UnderNet. No hacked
servers, but much faster legit servers with paid-for: storage, transfer, RAM,
CPU. It will be expensive but we are going to need it. Two web-sites cost \$12 a
month on recommended plan. If we put \$70 in to two web-sites we can get a-lot
more CPU-time (up-time).  With cloud-VPS hosting services with large DDOS
mitigation, lots of vCPUs, sufficient RAM, and a little storage, fast network
speeds, tons of bandwidth (bytes sent & recv'd). And lots of sponsorship with
intelligent decision making that makes maximum sales for our sponsors. Giving
away online game passes in my casino where my friends can spend their money,
receive entertainment and real income and wealth. With lots of great prizes to
be won, the simple yet effective casino may make enough money to host 16 vCPUs,
that’s \$360 USD/month, I will need some help to pay for this. I am willing to
pay \$200 CAD/month for 8 vCPUs which should host at-least 400 connections but it
may be a little slow - i don't know. Plus I need at-least one connection to 
www.mslscript.com. For $10 USD a month I can put your proxy-servers on an 
exclusive vCPU where there is zero traffic, you may also choose a proxy server
as a prize in the casino. Have a nice day, Ive got to continue my coding.

 
o End of Document.
